hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film
called time crimes be ready for some
spoilers ahead
the main character hector lives in the
countryside with his wife and they're
renovating their house he has a hobby of
looking in the distance with his
binocular
but here's a phone call downstairs he
picks it up
and strangely hears only breathing on
the other side
he tries calling back again but goes
straight to the recordings
this is really weird since no one knows
their new phone number
except for the workers but they're off
today as it's the weekend
his wife tells him not to worry as she
wants to have a little fun with her
husband
just when things are going hot hector
realizes the phone is still recording
i guess we all know that that's going on
the internet
hector sits in the backyard being a
peeping tom again while his wife works
on building the furnitures
he sees something in the bushes and
tells his wife to take a look
but she finds nothing he looks again and
this time he clearly sees a young girl
taking off her clothings
of course he's not gonna tell his wife
to look this time
hector waits for his wife to leave and
quickly rushes towards the location of
the young girl
he goes deeper and deeper into the
forest like a bloodhound
and finds the girl lying naked on the
floor with his binoculars
he slowly moves in front of her as he
stares at her naked body
and notices that she's still breathing
his little excitement gets cut
short when a pair of scissors stabs
right in his arms
he yells in agony and runs the other way
hector hides behind a tree and tries to
figure out who stabbed him
he sees a man with scissors and bandages
covering his head
the man looks back at him knowing
exactly where he is which freaks hector
out as he sprints even further
he climbs over a fence and finds a large
building with loud music playing inside
he tries knocking but no one answers so
he throws a rock at the window and
breaks in
personally i think that's a horrible
idea and hector is terrible at decision
making
he finds a weird picture taped on the
wall but he pays little attention to it
hector takes care of his wounds and
finds a room with a bunch of machineries
and walkie-talkie
he speaks to it and surprisingly someone
answers back
hector tells him the situation and wants
the men to call the police
but there's no signal in the facility
the man tells hector to run towards the
silo on top of the hill where he's at
as he sees in the camera of the masked
person
heading towards the building hector runs
uphill towards the silo
but fails to continue as he runs out of
breath
i guess she should have done more cardio
instead of looking at girls with his
binoculars
he hears a car closing by no doubt is
the masked person
the man from the walkie talkie opens the
door and hector makes it to safety
the man tells him that he's a scientist
that works here
and he needs to hide in the machine as
the masked person would never look in
there
the scientist assures hector that he'll
follow right after he lowers the hatch
hector hesitates but after seeing those
horrific bandages again
he jumps in the machine without
hesitation he tells the scientist to
come in
after the hatch is being lowered but the
man ignores him
trapping hacked her by himself he nearly
drowns but successfully escapes the
machine and sees the scientists staring
at him with a shocked expression
hector notices something wrong as he
sees that there is daylight outside
again
when it was dark just a minute ago the
scientist also seems to have forgotten
about who hector is
what's even more shocking is that hector
sees another version of himself in the
house doing exactly the same thing he
did earlier that day
the scientist sees this as well and both
of them are stunned in amazement
as they kneel on the floor the scientist
tells hector that he traveled back in
time
although only briefly he tells hector
that he cannot go home
as it may cause his prior self to do
something different
and erase his own existence he tries to
explain to hector how time traveling
works
using the same diagram the hector has
found earlier
to make everything go back to normal all
hector has to do is wait until his prior
self goes into the time machine
and simply then go home no matter what
though
he should never make contact with
another version of himself
at all cost hector disregards this
advice and proceeds to call himself at
home
but is unable to speak and hangs up the
phone then rings back
and continues to record the conversation
just like how it was
before frustrated and confused he takes
the car key and drives away from the
facility
he sees the young girl that he saw
earlier and contemplates about what to
do
next before he can finally start using
that bring of his
a red car rear-ends him and pushes his
car into a tree
he wakes up with a bloody face so he
wraps his face with the bandages on his
arm
as he begins to look more and more like
the masked person
he realized that the person who stabbed
him earlier was himself
therefore he must complete what that
person did to his prior self
the young girl heard his crash and comes
to make sure hector is okay
she gives him water and helps him trim
his bandages properly
with a pair of scissors she tries to
call an ambulance for help
but there's no signal in the mountains
she decides to go look for help in the
nearest town
and tells hector to remain seated and
wait for her
hector takes the scissors when the girl
is not looking
and asks her to help him with something
he looks through the garbage and grabs a
black jacket which she then wears
he tells the girl to go into the forest
and she reluctantly agrees
she tries to go back to the main road
but hector becomes forceful
and their dynamic completely changes
hector makes sure that his prior self in
the house is watching with the
binoculars
and tells the girl to pose and strip
while his prior self watches
he tells her to take off her pants this
time but she knocks him over
and tries to escape hector pursues her
and knocks her unconscious
he drags her body back to where it was
supposed to be
and takes off all her clothings he hides
while waiting for his prior self to show
up
hector sneaks up behind his prior self
and stabs him right in the arm
causing that hector to run away he
chases after and makes sure that he runs
towards the science facility
hector returns and finds the young girl
missing
he disregards this thinking that
everything went
according to plan and goes home he
breaks into his fence and walks into the
house
but he hears footsteps in the upper
floors and hears a woman scream
he chases after it and gets hit by a
table which throws him
off the stairs he breaks into the door
that the person is hiding in
but sees that the window is open
thinking that the woman must have gone
on top of the roof
hector climbs up as well and tries to
stop the woman from running
but throws her off the building by
accident he looks at her in shock as the
woman appears to be his own wife
covered in the jacket that she always
wears
hector runs back to the time machine
looks through the window to scare his
prior self
and waits for him to use the time
machine he then tells the scientist to
send him back in time
even earlier than the first time he went
back
however the scientist says that he can't
do it as the machine ran out of energy
hector notices that one of the
conductors are missing
and forces the scientists to put it back
they go outside to grab the component
but hector realizes something else the
scientist
knew hector would use the time machine
before hector even arrived
as he threw the conductor out before
hector requested to time travel
after being forced to tell the truth the
scientist tells hector that another
version of hector told him
to stop this hector from going into the
time machine no matter what
obviously it fails as this hector forces
the scientists to bring him back in
time again he gets out of the time
machine
and hides while seeing the first version
of himself leave
soon after he then grabs a red vehicle
from the facility
and drives towards his prior self
knocking him into a tree
but hector loses control of his truck as
well and crashes into the hills
he grabs the walkie-talkie and tells the
scientist to not let his prior self use
the time machine no matter what
but he knows this wouldn't work anyways
he sees the young girl
now just escaped from the masked version
of hector and tells her not to be
alarmed
they make it back to hector's house
together and they hear footsteps on the
upper floor the girl tells them to sit
down
while she goes to check it out hector's
wife sees her husband
and is shocked at the wounds on his face
hector stands up as he realizes
something very
important he brings his wife and hides
her in the shed
telling her to not come out no matter
what happens
he climbs to the second floor and sees
the young girl
trying to tell him that a masked person
is coming up
hector grabs a table and throws it
downstairs
hitting his prior self he tells the girl
to be quiet
as he puts his wife's jacket on top of
her hector cuts her hair
and tells her that they must hide her
appearance from the intruder
he tells the young girl to hide in the
room and lock the door behind her
which she does as she hears the man
coming up
hector then retrieves his wife from the
shed and the two sits in their backyard
waiting for the events to pan out a
string
accompanied by a crash can be heard and
the young girl dies in the place of the
wife
while the previous hector drives off to
the science facility
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you